FEATURES.md, before:

A Short Summary of New Features in Synopsys Caffe
=================================================

Synopsys Caffe Version: 2019.03  
New added features are compared with the original BVLC Caffe 1.0.0
  
evconvert (TensorFlow/ONNX/... to Caffe Converter) related  
----------------------------------------------------------
atan_layer  
crop_and_resize  
depthtospace_layer  
gather_layer  
gather_nd_layer  
nms_gather_layer  
nms_layer  
pad_layer  
pyramid_roi_align_layer  
reduce_max_layer  
reduce_mean_layer  
reduce_min_layer  
reduce_prod_layer  
reduce_sum_layer  
resize_bilinear_layer  
resize_nearest_neighbor_layer  
round_layer  
shape_layer  
softsign_layer  
spacetodepth_layer  
stack_layer  
topk_gather_layer  
unstack_layer  
where4_gathernd_crop_layer  
where4_gathernd_layer  
where4_layer  
DIV and MIN in EltwiseOp  
axis in EltwiseParameter (broadcasting support for 2nd bottom blob in eltwise_layer)  
forget_bias in RecurrentParameter and LSTMUnitParameter  
min_first in ArgMaxParameter  
pad_type (deprecated, "SAME" style padding) in ConvolutionParameter and PoolingParameter  
pad_l, pad_r, pad_t and pad_b (arbitrary 2D padding) in ConvolutionParameter and PoolingParameter  
AVE_EXC_PAD (average pooling excluding the paddings), AVE_TF (deprecated, alias for AVE_EXC_PAD) in PoolingParameter  
ceil_mode in PoolingParameter  
relu6, maximum and minimum in ReLUParameter  
eltwise.py (to be deprecated, customized Python layer, realize the broadcasting and add support for divide and minimum for eltwise layer)  
matrix_inverse.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.matrix_inverse)  
pad.py and pads.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.pad)  
range.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.range)   
reshape.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.reshape with two inputs)  
shape.py (deprecated, customized Python layer, implementation of tf.shape)  
slice.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.slice and tf.strided_slice)  
stack.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.stack)  
statistics.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.reduce_mean, tf.reduce_prod, tf.reduce_sum, tf.reduce_max, tf.reduce_min)  
stridedslice.py (deprecated, customized Python layer)  
  
evprune (Network Pruning Tool) related  
--------------------------------------
squeeze_conv_layer  
squeeze_inner_product_layer  
squeeze_deconv_layer  
  
evquantize related (only valid for CUDA forwards implementation)  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
input_scale and output_scale in ConvolutionParameter, SoftmaxParameter and LRNParameter  
output_scale in EltwiseParameter and InnerProductParameter  
output_shift_instead_division in PoolingParameter  
saturate in ConvolutionParameter, EltwiseParameter, ReLUParameter and PoolingParameter   
      
Mask RCNN related  
-------------------  
roi_align_layer  
apply_box_deltas.py (customized Python layer)  
generate_pyramid_anchors.py (customized Python layer)  
maskrcnn_detection.py (customized Python layer)  
pre_roi_align.py (customized Python layer)  
  
SNNs related  
------------
selu_dropout_layer  
selu_layer  
  
YOLO related  
--------------  
reorg_layer  
upsample_darknet_layer  
yolo_v2_loss_layer  
yolo_v3_loss_layer  
add_eps_before_sqrt in BatchNormParameter, MVNParameter and NormalizeParameter  
caffe_yolo in TransformationParameter  
jitter in ResizeParameter  
exposure_lower, exposure_upper in DistortionParameter  
side and random in DataParameter  
yolov2.py (customized Python layer, implementation of darknet_reorg)  
darknet.py  
    
ICNet (PSPNet) related  
---------------------  
adaptive_bias_channel_layer  
bias_channel_layer  
cudnn_bn_layer  
densecrf_layer  
domain_transform_forward_only_layer  
domain_transform_layer  
image_seg_data_layer  
interp_layer  
mat_read_layer  
mat_write_layer  
seg_accuracy_layer  
spatial_product_layer  
unique_label_layer  
bn_layer (slope_filler, bias_filler, momentum and icnet in BNParameter)  
update_global_stats and icnet in BatchNormParameter  
scale_factors, crop_width and crop_height in TransformationParameter  
      
SRGAN related  
-------------
gan_loss_layer  
gan_solver in SolverParameter  
pixelshuffler in ReshapeParameter  
dis_mode and gen_mode in ConvolutionParameter, InnerProductParameter and ScaleParameter  
weight_fixed in ConvolutionParameter and InnerProductParameter  
  
FlowNet2 related
----------------
accum_layer  
augmentation_layer  
black_augmentation_layer  
channel_norm_layer  
correlation_1d_layer  
correlation_layer  
custom_data_layer  
data_augmentation_layer  
downsample_layer  
flo_writer_layer  
float_reader_layer  
float_writer_layer  
flow_augmentation_layer  
flow_warp_layer  
generate_augmentation_parameters_layer  
l1_loss_layer  
lpq_loss_layer  
mean_layer  
resample_layer  
  
SSD related
-----------
annotated_data_layer    
detection_evaluate_layer  
detection_output_layer  
multibox_loss_layer  
normalize_layer  
permute_layer  
prior_box_layer  
smooth_L1_loss_layer  
video_data_layer  
  
Faster RCNN related
-------------------
proposal_layer  
roi_pooling_layer  
smooth_L1_loss_layer (sigma and abssum in SmoothL1LossParameter)  
scale_train in DropoutParameter  
  
SegNet related
--------------
bn_layer  
dense_image_data_layer  
upsample_layer  
sample_weights_test in DropoutParameter  
weight_by_label_freqs in LossParameter  
    
    
For more details, please refer to [caffe.proto](https://github.com/foss-for-synopsys-dwc-arc-processors/synopsys-caffe/blob/master/src/caffe/proto/caffe.proto) and the corresponding source code.

Commit message:

update features with batch_to_space_nd_layer and space_to_batch_nd_layer

FEATURES.md, after:

A Short Summary of New Features in Synopsys Caffe
=================================================

Synopsys Caffe Version: 2019.03  
New added features are compared with the original BVLC Caffe 1.0.0
  
evconvert (TensorFlow/ONNX/... to Caffe Converter) related  
----------------------------------------------------------
atan_layer  
batch_to_space_nd_layer  
crop_and_resize  
depthtospace_layer  
gather_layer  
gather_nd_layer  
nms_gather_layer  
nms_layer  
pad_layer  
pyramid_roi_align_layer  
reduce_max_layer  
reduce_mean_layer  
reduce_min_layer  
reduce_prod_layer  
reduce_sum_layer  
resize_bilinear_layer  
resize_nearest_neighbor_layer  
round_layer  
shape_layer  
softsign_layer  
space_to_batch_nd_layer  
spacetodepth_layer  
stack_layer  
topk_gather_layer  
unstack_layer  
where4_gathernd_crop_layer  
where4_gathernd_layer  
where4_layer  
DIV and MIN in EltwiseOp  
axis in EltwiseParameter (broadcasting support for 2nd bottom blob in eltwise_layer)  
forget_bias in RecurrentParameter and LSTMUnitParameter  
min_first in ArgMaxParameter  
pad_type (deprecated, "SAME" style padding) in ConvolutionParameter and PoolingParameter  
pad_l, pad_r, pad_t and pad_b (arbitrary 2D padding) in ConvolutionParameter and PoolingParameter  
AVE_EXC_PAD (average pooling excluding the paddings), AVE_TF (deprecated, alias for AVE_EXC_PAD) in PoolingParameter  
ceil_mode in PoolingParameter  
relu6, maximum and minimum in ReLUParameter  
eltwise.py (to be deprecated, customized Python layer, realize the broadcasting and add support for divide and minimum for eltwise layer)  
matrix_inverse.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.matrix_inverse)  
pad.py and pads.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.pad)  
range.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.range)   
reshape.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.reshape with two inputs)  
shape.py (deprecated, customized Python layer, implementation of tf.shape)  
slice.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.slice and tf.strided_slice)  
stack.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.stack)  
statistics.py (customized Python layer, implementation of tf.reduce_mean, tf.reduce_prod, tf.reduce_sum, tf.reduce_max, tf.reduce_min)  
stridedslice.py (deprecated, customized Python layer)  
  
evprune (Network Pruning Tool) related  
--------------------------------------
squeeze_conv_layer  
squeeze_inner_product_layer  
squeeze_deconv_layer  
  
evquantize related (only valid for CUDA forwards implementation)  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
input_scale and output_scale in ConvolutionParameter, SoftmaxParameter and LRNParameter  
output_scale in EltwiseParameter and InnerProductParameter  
output_shift_instead_division in PoolingParameter  
saturate in ConvolutionParameter, EltwiseParameter, ReLUParameter and PoolingParameter   
      
Mask RCNN related  
-------------------  
roi_align_layer  
apply_box_deltas.py (customized Python layer)  
generate_pyramid_anchors.py (customized Python layer)  
maskrcnn_detection.py (customized Python layer)  
pre_roi_align.py (customized Python layer)  
  
SNNs related  
------------
selu_dropout_layer  
selu_layer  
  
YOLO related  
--------------  
reorg_layer  
upsample_darknet_layer  
yolo_v2_loss_layer  
yolo_v3_loss_layer  
add_eps_before_sqrt in BatchNormParameter, MVNParameter and NormalizeParameter  
caffe_yolo in TransformationParameter  
jitter in ResizeParameter  
exposure_lower, exposure_upper in DistortionParameter  
side and random in DataParameter  
yolov2.py (customized Python layer, implementation of darknet_reorg)  
darknet.py  
    
ICNet (PSPNet) related  
---------------------  
adaptive_bias_channel_layer  
bias_channel_layer  
cudnn_bn_layer  
densecrf_layer  
domain_transform_forward_only_layer  
domain_transform_layer  
image_seg_data_layer  
interp_layer  
mat_read_layer  
mat_write_layer  
seg_accuracy_layer  
spatial_product_layer  
unique_label_layer  
bn_layer (slope_filler, bias_filler, momentum and icnet in BNParameter)  
update_global_stats and icnet in BatchNormParameter  
scale_factors, crop_width and crop_height in TransformationParameter  
      
SRGAN related  
-------------
gan_loss_layer  
gan_solver in SolverParameter  
pixelshuffler in ReshapeParameter  
dis_mode and gen_mode in ConvolutionParameter, InnerProductParameter and ScaleParameter  
weight_fixed in ConvolutionParameter and InnerProductParameter  
  
FlowNet2 related
----------------
accum_layer  
augmentation_layer  
black_augmentation_layer  
channel_norm_layer  
correlation_1d_layer  
correlation_layer  
custom_data_layer  
data_augmentation_layer  
downsample_layer  
flo_writer_layer  
float_reader_layer  
float_writer_layer  
flow_augmentation_layer  
flow_warp_layer  
generate_augmentation_parameters_layer  
l1_loss_layer  
lpq_loss_layer  
mean_layer  
resample_layer  
  
SSD related
-----------
annotated_data_layer    
detection_evaluate_layer  
detection_output_layer  
multibox_loss_layer  
normalize_layer  
permute_layer  
prior_box_layer  
smooth_L1_loss_layer  
video_data_layer  
  
Faster RCNN related
-------------------
proposal_layer  
roi_pooling_layer  
smooth_L1_loss_layer (sigma and abssum in SmoothL1LossParameter)  
scale_train in DropoutParameter  
  
SegNet related
--------------
bn_layer  
dense_image_data_layer  
upsample_layer  
sample_weights_test in DropoutParameter  
weight_by_label_freqs in LossParameter  
    
    
For more details, please refer to [caffe.proto](https://github.com/foss-for-synopsys-dwc-arc-processors/synopsys-caffe/blob/master/src/caffe/proto/caffe.proto) and the corresponding source code.
